from the road to the right and drowned in the ditch is a truck
Mercedes with semi-trailer on the a10 between the triangle from Finland
and the junction Glindow direction Schönefelder cross
the 51-year-old driver of the tractor had also been around 6 in the morning
tried to get on the shoulder, but it was not worth it
the truck toppled over and came to a standstill with minor injuries
the driver was taken to a hospital
With special technology, a salvage company went to the rear
Semitrailer approaching what was more difficult what it looked like with tiny
Movements succeeded the yellow angels with their Berns crane the cool aviator
to get out of the ditch
a slightly larger task place with the discharge the demanding professional league
for the company of the crashed truck and the help of the USA club company
Taking the victim before this quickly brings with it a replacement Peter Wilson
Provide accident site
to reload the good goods as quickly as possible
The sight of the Thülen also determines very tasty meat sausage
Reken to cold cargo unloaded in the second-to-nothing
Side stretches and two lanes still had to remain blocked
Traffic was able to reach the left lane despite the large truck traffic
happen
Schärding
A close where is the departure and has been through a currency basket already
towed
At the moment it is more necessary to work on the truck
Trucks cut through requested questions
set up and then towed away
always free two pieces
after arrival
Krantz too
im 2 Bernd Bönte
at the preparations of the very much also for the small ones again on direction of the
tractor
These folk heroes do not want to be determined
with great skill and much attention succeeded the forces
the on the company
to raise the truck
The traffic could then repeat